Update Readme and Contribute to Oct07-2020 release instructions (#712)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Pre-requisites

#### CMake

> CMake version 3.15 or higher is required to build these libraries. Download and install CMake from the project's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMake version 3.13 or higher is required to build these libraries. Download and install CMake from the project's
```

[website](https://cmake.org/download/).

#### Vcpkg

> Vcpkg can be used to have the Azure for SDK for CPP dependencies installed into a specific folder in the system instead of globally installing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vcpkg can be used to install the Azure SDK for CPP dependencies into a specific folder on the system instead of globally installing them.
```

> Follow [vcpkg install guide](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg) to have next dependencies installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [vcpkg install guide](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg) to install the following dependencies:
```

Reviewer: What install guide are we linking to? Linking to the vcpkg repo isn't helpful.

Isn't it just clone vcpkg, bootstrap, and install? We should list the steps right in this doc, including checking out the specific tag/versions we support
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/blob/e3503f8575cc67d5663683071755d0ea1aff5625/eng/vcpkg-commit.txt#L1

Author: We haven't set a tag for what we want to support on cpp.
And I don't want to provide the VCPKG instructions because it can change. That's VCPKG who owns this guide.
I can try to provide a link to a readme section

Reviewer: > We haven't set a tag for what we want to support on cpp.

We haven't?! That's what we use in CI and what we should document as supported (just like Embedded C):
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/blob/2cc4ecdea8404b98d418a7bd37fa5c62d4d377ea/eng/pipelines/templates/steps/vcpkg.yml#L13

> And I don't want to provide the VCPKG instructions because it can change. 

Then why did we provide it in Embedded C? How likely is that to happen? I think the less links-out of the docs, the easier it is for the reader to just follow the steps and have them work.

Reviewer: Let's close on this.

- curl

> - libxml2

Reviewer: What's using this?

Author: storage

```sh
./vcpkg install curl libxml2
```

> When using VCPKG, make sure to define the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable to VCPKG folder before using `CMake`. CMake will pull dependencies from VCPKG when this is set, otherwise, dependencies need to be globally installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using VCPKG, make sure to define the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable to the VCPKG Git repository folder before using `CMake`. CMake will pull dependencies from VCPKG when this is set, otherwise, dependencies will be installed globally.
```

Do we need to also set the triplet environment variable? We should mention that since it is referred to in `Building the project`.

Author: it's not required to link VCPKG to CMake.  Triplet is VCPKG related only. It defines what VCPKG builds for you.
CMake won't use this for anything

Reviewer: I don't understand. We ask the reader to set the two environment variables later on (and say "as described above"). And yet, we don't describe it.

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/blob/b78884438d221a711408dee9bec77e6c1f3a33f4/CONTRIBUTING.md#building-the-project
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6527137/95640235-a06b9a80-0a50-11eb-9443-70321223b1f8.png)

Author: Got it. Let me remove the triplet reference from below, that's VCPKG specific

Reviewer: So, just to clarify, do we **not** need the vcpkg triplet when building the C++ repo?

Why are we removing them from the docs? It's used in CI and the CMakeList file:
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/blob/cd2a8a3812725c3524e5d5fd1ab49b9cb08e0890/CMakeLists.txt#L33-L35
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/blob/cd2a8a3812725c3524e5d5fd1ab49b9cb08e0890/eng/pipelines/templates/jobs/archetype-sdk-client.yml#L15

Reviewer: @vhvb1989 - please close on this.

Reviewer: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/issues/754

### Pre-requisites

#### CMake
CMake version 3.13 or higher is required to build these libraries. Download and install CMake from the project's
[website](https://cmake.org/download/).

#### Third Party Dependencies
- curl
- libxml2

Vcpkg can be used to install the Azure SDK for CPP dependencies into a specific folder on the system instead of globally installing them.
Follow [vcpkg install guide](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg#getting-started) to get vcpkg and install the following dependencies:

```sh
./vcpkg install curl libxml2
```

When using vcpkg, make sure to set the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable to the vcpkg Git repository folder before using `CMake`.

> The Azure SDK for C++ uses [this vcpkg release version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp) for continuos integration (CI) building and testing. Make sure to checkout this version when following the next steps for building and running the Azure SDK for C++. Using a newer vcpkg version might still work, however, it is tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure SDK for C++ uses [this vcpkg release version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/blob/master/eng/vcpkg-commit.txt) for continuos integration (CI) building and testing. Make sure to checkout this version when following the next steps for building and running the Azure SDK for C++. Using a newer vcpkg version might still work, however, if it is tested.
```

Author: will fail the CI leg for verify links?
do I need to first create  a PR for that file?

Reviewer: No, the file already exists. The link is valid.

```sh
# Checking out vcpkg release version before installing dependencies

git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/vcpkg.git
cd vcpkg
# Checkout the vcpkg commit from the vcpkg-commit.txt file (link above)
git checkout <vcpkg commit>

> # build vcpkg (showing linux command, see vcpkg getting started for windows)

Reviewer: Nice.

### Pre-requisites

#### CMake
CMake version 3.13 or higher is required to build these libraries. Download and install CMake from the project's
[website](https://cmake.org/download/).

#### Third Party Dependencies
- curl
- libxml2

Vcpkg can be used to install the Azure SDK for CPP dependencies into a specific folder on the system instead of globally installing them.
Follow [vcpkg install guide](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg) to install the following dependencies:

```sh
./vcpkg install curl libxml2
```

> When using vcpkg, make sure to define the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable to vcpkg folder before using `CMake`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using vcpkg, make sure to set the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable to the vcpkg Git repository folder before using `CMake`.
```

> When using VCPKG, make sure to define the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable to VCPKG folder before using `CMake`. CMake will pull dependencies from VCPKG when this is set, otherwise, dependencies need to be globally installed. 

Reviewer: Use consistent capitalization

```suggestion
When using Vcpkg, make sure to define the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable to VCPKG folder before using `CMake`. CMake will pull dependencies from VCPKG when this is set, otherwise, dependencies need to be globally installed. 
```

### Building and Testing

#### Building the project

> First, ensure that the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variables are set, as described [above](#vcpkg). This need to be defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ensure that the `VCPKG_ROOT` environment variable is set, as described [above](#vcpkg). This needs to be defined
```

> any time you want to build using vcpkg. Then generate the build files and build as you would with any standard CMake project. From the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any time you want to build using Vcpkg. Then generate the build files and build as you would with any standard CMake project. From the
```

```sh
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
cmake --build .
```

#### CMake build options
The following CMake options are available for adding/removing project features.

<table>
<tr>
<td>Option</td>
<td>Description</td>
<td>Default Value</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>BUILD_TESTING</td>
<td>Generates Unit Test for compilation. CMake will automatically download and build g-test.<br>After Compiling, use `ctest` to run Unit Test.</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>BUILD_STORAGE_SAMPLES</td>
<td>Build Azure Storage clients sample application.</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>RUN_LONG_UNIT_TESTS</td>
<td>Enables the special unit tests which takes more than 3 minutes to run. THis tests are for some specific features like the connection pool for curl transport adapter.</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>WARNINGS_AS_ERRORS</td>
<td>Warnings will make compiling fail</td>
<td>ON</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>BUILD_CURL_TRANSPORT</td>
<td>Build the curl http transport adapter. When building on Posix systems, if no other transport adapter is built, this option will be automatically turned ON</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>BUILD_DOCUMENTATION</td>
<td>Build Doxygen documentation</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
</table>

> <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: there were 2 <br> before.
I already removed one. Removing this one would sticl the table to the next header.

```sh
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
cmake --build .
```

#### CMake build options
The following CMake options are available for adding/removing project features.

<table>
<tr>
<td>Option</td>
<td>Description</td>
<td>Default Value</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>BUILD_TESTING</td>
<td>Generates Unit Test for compilation. CMake will automatically download and build g-test.<br>After Compiling, use `ctest` to run Unit Test.</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>BUILD_STORAGE_SAMPLES</td>
<td>Build Azure Storage clients sample application.</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>RUN_LONG_UNIT_TESTS</td>
<td>Enables the special unit tests which takes more than 3 minutes to run. THis tests are for some specific features like the connection pool for curl transport adapter.</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
<tr>

> <td>WARNINGS_AS_ERRORS</td>

Reviewer: Why do we have this option? And if we really need it, the default should be `ON`.

Author: Default is ON.
That's the same opt we have in C that would make compilation fail if there's any warning

<td>Warnings will make compiling fail</td>
<td>ON</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>BUILD_CURL_TRANSPORT</td>
<td>Build the curl http transport adapter. When building on Posix systems, if no other transport adapter is built, this option will be automatically turned ON</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
<tr>

> <td>BUILD_DOCUMENTATION</td>

Reviewer: Why do we have this option? Can't we do the same thing as C and run `doxygen Doxyfile`?

Author: Not sure who added this.
We can review it apart from this PR. Then, if we don't want it, we need a PR to remove it.
Maybe Daniel added for CI release or something. I am not sure.  At any case, it was not documented in the ReadMe

<td>Build Doxygen documentation</td>
<td>OFF</td>
</tr>
</table>
<br>

> <br>

Reviewer: Get rid of the extra space

Author: I wanted 2 spaces, not only 1.
I think it looks better since it is a table above

Reviewer: This extra whitespace on the page (which we don't have anywhere else in all our markdowns), looks better? Hmm. OK.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6527137/95640278-e0328200-0a50-11eb-8c25-f7093353879e.png)

FYI, we should try to limit use of custom HTML tags (like `<br>`) since markdown linters don't like them, and we need to add them as an exception.

Author: removed

#### Testing the project
If you want to run tests also, generate build files using below command and then build.
```sh
cmake -DBUILD_TESTING=ON ..
cmake --build .
```

> Tests are executed via the `ctest` command included with CMake. From the repo root, run:

Reviewer: Repo root or the build folder we created above?

Author: should be the build folder, yes

```sh
# use -V for verbose
ctest -V
# Use -N to list test that are part of test set
ctest -N
# Use -R to use a regular exp for what to run
ctest -R Http # runs only Http tests
```

### Visual Studio 2019

> Windows Only.<br>

Reviewer: I don't think we need this. It is implied by the mention of VS.
```suggestion

```

> You can also build the project by simply opening the desired project directory in Visual Studio. Visual Studio will detect CMake file and will configure itself to generate, build and run tests.

Reviewer: Which project directory? Do we have separate projects?

```suggestion
You can also build the project by simply opening the repo directory in Visual Studio. Visual Studio will detect the `CMake` file and will configure itself to generate, build and run tests.
```
